hello today we will build
little hedgehogs yaga technician
instruction for this small robot
wave on the internet and we will always wash it away
old he and very small him
alkalis
you can pay very quickly
our bat has two lego technic motors
block and there is still a sensor
who take the signal from the remote
let's start the assembly
and
assembly is completed in our gun
there are two motors they twist small y
we have her hands and shirts here
tin a little bit bigger
and these give double sleeps uk here here
parts and from here look how interesting from
one motor four per gram wait
sent the same thing we have and
infrared sensor which is paper
which he is remote and helps the robot
move
and